Nancy Reagan is a fiercely devoted
champion lover guard dog of her husband
she's a political person not so much in
that she's an issues person but that she
feels she feels the temperature in the
room she can feel who's on her side and
who's on her husband's side
what is it a binder crowned with garbage
Ronnie couldn't possibly digest this was
work still he's fired
do it now
I think nancy was a guard dog and
sometimes an attack dog so that her
husband didn't have to be I think one of
ronald reagan's great strengths was he
was so Apple he was so good at being
warm and friendly to people and that was
because he wasn't suspicious of people
so that was that was her child
I think that one of the lessons that
Nancy took away from the assassination
attempt was that people weren't looking
out for Ronnie well as well as they
should
which is not to say the secret service
per se i think she's was so grateful to
the Secret Service and credits them with
saving her husband's life and you know
but that precautions should have been
taken that weren't from bulletproof
vests to the way in which he was exposed
on the street and all different
decisions that were made that in
retrospect seem very careless to her and
careless may be objectively it won't
happen again
it mustn't I get it I understand you
don't get it you don't understand it is
your job to protect him
she spoke to Michael diva and she said
this can never happen again and she had
a big effect on changing the way in
which he was exposed in public i was
talking to merv griffin on phone oh how
is worry he's fine
do you remember when he introduced me to
that astrologer she certainly was
reliant on astrologers up to that point
but it seemed to become even more
important when they said yes we could
have told you if you'd come to us that
that was going to be a not a good day
for him are you
are you telling me this woman knew i was
going to be shot on march 30 years no no
no no that's not what I'm saying at all
what I'm saying is she could have warned
her sense was always that her job was to
love and protect her husband but when
the apparition of assassination came
onto the scene it became so real and so
palpable and it guided almost every
decision that she made